README.md, before:

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway)

# platform-service-gateway

## About this project

Platform Service Gateway enables communication across different Kubernetes clusters

## Requirements and Setup

*Insert a short description what is required to get your project running...*

## Support, Feedback, Contributing

This project is open to feature requests/suggestions, bug reports etc. via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway/issues). Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Security / Disclosure
If you find any bug that may be a security problem, please follow our instructions at [in our security policy](https://github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway/security/policy) on how to report it. Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

## Code of Conduct

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

## Licensing

Copyright 2025 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and platform-service-gateway contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway).

Commit message:

docs: add architecture diagram and dependencies

README.md, after:

[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway)

# platform-service-gateway

## About this project

The Platform Service Gateway is responsible for enabling the [Gateway API](https://gateway-api.sigs.k8s.io/) on openMCP backend clusters, allowing webhooks from MCP resources to reach services in the platform or workload clusters.

### Architecture

![Architecture of the Platform Service Gateway in the context of openMCP](docs/architecture.excalidraw.svg)

### Dependencies

This platform service uses [Envoy Gateway](https://gateway.envoyproxy.io/) as the Gateway API implementation and [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) to provision TLS certificates.

## Requirements and Setup

*Insert a short description what is required to get your project running...*

## Support, Feedback, Contributing

This project is open to feature requests/suggestions, bug reports etc. via [GitHub issues](https://github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway/issues). Contribution and feedback are encouraged and always welcome. For more information about how to contribute, the project structure, as well as additional contribution information, see our [Contribution Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

## Security / Disclosure
If you find any bug that may be a security problem, please follow our instructions at [in our security policy](https://github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway/security/policy) on how to report it. Please do not create GitHub issues for security-related doubts or problems.

## Code of Conduct

We as members, contributors, and leaders pledge to make participation in our community a harassment-free experience for everyone. By participating in this project, you agree to abide by its [Code of Conduct](https://github.com/SAP/.github/blob/main/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md) at all times.

## Licensing

Copyright 2025 SAP SE or an SAP affiliate company and platform-service-gateway contributors. Please see our [LICENSE](LICENSE) for copyright and license information. Detailed information including third-party components and their licensing/copyright information is available [via the REUSE tool](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/openmcp-project/platform-service-gateway).
